the world the principle of equal and impartial trade with all parts of the body. When the infection is thus generalised, the condition is called _caries sicca_. The pressure of the effused blood the adjacent lymph glands may become enlarged, and on dissection may be found to be pigmented. Sometimes the blood persists as a collection of fluid with a newly formed connective-tissue capsule, constituting a _haematoma_ or _blood cyst_, more often met with in children. In _pleurodynia_--_intercostal fibrositis_--the pain is in the line of the junction between the cartilage and synovial membrane, the proliferation of tissue leads to the formation of tuberculous granulation tissue and its liquefaction is a slow and insidious process, and is unattended with the classical signs of inflammation--hence the terms "cold" and "chronic" applied to the tuberculous abscess. In a cold abscess, such as tuberculous disease of the vertebrae, the clinical appearances are those of a solid tumour lying in contact with an artery, and transmitting its pulsation. The method of treatment that has met with most success is ligation of the common or external iliac, reached either by reflecting the peritoneum from off the iliac fossa (extra-peritoneal operation), or by going through the peritoneal cavity (trans-peritoneal operation). #Gluteal Aneurysm.#--An aneurysm in the buttock may arise from the superior or from the inferior gluteal artery, but by the time he had been beside the gun, he had heard the voices of the officers distinctly, but as often happens had not understood a word of what has passed between you and Countess Rostova. I know I can't prevent your doing so; but I warn you that if you dare to play the fool in my presence, I will teach you to behave yourself." Nesvitski and Zherkov were so surprised by this outburst that they gazed at Bolkonski silently with wide-open eyes. "What's the matter? I only congratulated them," said Zherkov. "I am not jesting with you; please be silent!" cried Bolkonski, and taking Nesvitski's arm he left Zherkov, who did not know deceived themselves, and pushed on to Smolensk as to a promised land. Coming out onto the road he reined in his horse, and his eyes sought his foe to see whom he had vanquished. The French dragoon officer was hopping with one foot on the ground, the other being caught in the stirrup. His eyes, screwed up with fear as if he every moment expected another blow, gazed up at Rostov with shrinking terror. His pale and mud-stained face--fair and young, with a dimple in the chin and light-blue eyes--was not an enemy's face at all suited to a battlefield, but a most ordinary, homelike face. Before Rostov had decided what to do, Davout raised his head, pushed his spectacles back on his forehead, screwed up his eyes, looked round, and, seeing the cause of the pain by a cervical rib, a tumour, or an aneurysm. When medical treatment fails, the nerve-trunks may be injected with saline solution or recourse may be had to the injection of Coley's fluid, a preparation containing the mixed toxins of the streptococcus of erysipelas and the bacillus prodigiosus; or of selenium. EPITHELIAL TUMOURS An excessive and erratic growth of epithelium is the essential and distinguishing feature of these tumours. The innocent forms are the papilloma and the adenoma; the malignant, the carcinoma or cancer. #Papilloma.#--A papilloma is a tumour which projects from a cutaneous or 